Update index.md (#7070)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: src/data/roadmaps/golang/content/106-go-realtime-communication/index.md

# Go realtime communication

> ## What is realtime communication?
> Just as it says in the name, realtime communication is the handling of requests concurrently and efficiently. Whether it is a chat/messaging app, an email service, a game server or any collaborative online project (for example, Excalidraw).
> 
> ## How is realtime communication achieved?
> There are a few different ways of handling realtime communication, but the most common is through the use of websockets. Other options for handling realtime communications include MQTT protocol and server-sent events, among others.
> 
> [Golang websocket](https://youtu.be/G8SKhZMqvsE)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## What is real-time communication?
Just as it says in the name, real-time communication is the handling of requests concurrently and efficiently. Whether it is a chat/messaging app, an email service, a game server or any collaborative online project (for example, Excalidraw), there are a few different ways of handling real-time communication, but the most common is through the use of WebSockets. Other options for handling real-time communications include MQTT protocol and server-sent events, among others.

Learn more from the following resources:

- [@video@Golang websocket](https://youtu.be/G8SKhZMqvsE)
```
